Now on this part you will be focusing on Descriptor Extraction and on Matching.
We have a variety of key-point types already,
and the next step is to extract descriptors from their local key point neighborhood.
In the current implementation,
we already have the Brisk Descriptor up and running,
and as before your task here will be to integrate
several other descriptors and make them selectable using the string descriptor type.
The methods I want you to integrate are brief or freak AK's and Sift,
and they're all available in the OpenCV again.
Once you are done with that,
we will focus on the matching part in the next phase.
The current implementation uses Brute force
matching combined with Nearest Neighbor selection.
I want you to add Flung as an alternative to Brute force,
as well as the K-nearest Neighbor approach.
Based on this approach,
you will then also implement the descriptive distance ratio test
as a filtering method to remove bad Key-point matches.
So basically we have four tasks here.
First implement descriptors, second integrate flung,
third use K-nearest neighbors,
and fourth test matches using descriptor distance ratio.
But before you start,
let's take a quick look at the existing code.